# library
I am frequently upset while taking the bus when I observe reckless driving and fellow commuters who "hop the line" and get on the bus not in the order they arrived at the bus stop. These are generally silly things to be upset about, and I have been thinking I should read a passage from Meditations by Marcus Aurelius in these situations. I had an idea to split the Meditations into a text file and use a iOS Shortcut to randomly select and present a passage each time the Shortcut is ran. I found a few copies online and tested a few which worked pretty well, until I decided I would also like to view footnotes for each passage. My first thought was just to include each footnote in the same line that is comma delimited (in this case I would use a "|"). This would have worked okay, but its presentation in the Shortcut output was not attractive. I then thought I should make it a webpage and randomly select an anchor link. 

Before I even got started, I found an already completed project by [Simon Vreeman](https://vreeman.com/) that would get me 98% of the way there. I also found he's shared other works that I might encorporate at a later date as well. A big thanks to Simon for his beautiful webpage. 

I intend to eventually add other short stories and poems that I love and keep a personal web collection to reference. I think the web is by far the best place to read content and in a different world, where the web wasn't destroyed with advertising, etc. ebooks would have been web first and not tied to poorly supported formats, DRM, apps, and so on.
